Immich writeup (#568)
rockstor/rockstor-doc: interface/docker-based-rock-ons/immich.rst

                                   
.. image:: /images/interface/docker-based-rock-ons/immich_administration.png
   :width: 40%
   :align: center

 
Click on the **External Libraries** item in the left-side menu.
                                   
.. image:: /images/interface/docker-based-rock-ons/immich_external_libraries.png
   :width: 40%
   :align: center

Click on the **Create library** link below your profile image on the top-right corner of the page.
                                   
.. image:: /images/interface/docker-based-rock-ons/immich_create_library.png
   :width: 40%
   :align: center

Choose a user that will be the owner of the external library. This means that 
all files from the external library will be imported to the selected user's library. 
The user may choose to 
`share their library with other users with some limitations <https://docs.immich.app/features/partner-sharing/>`_.

Click on the **Create** Button.

.. image:: /images/interface/docker-based-rock-ons/immich_external_library_owner.png
   :width: 50%
   :align: center

Input the path to the external library that you've defined at :ref:`immich_mounting_external_library`. 

> E.g. ``/mnt2/MyPrivatePhotoCollection``, ``/data/test1``...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
E.g. ``/data/test1``...
```
@kanecko I think this is less confusing as I think only the internal reference will be shown at this point.

Click on the **Add** button.

.. image:: /images/interface/docker-based-rock-ons/immich_external_library_import.png
   :width: 50%
   :align: center

Click on the **Validate** button to check if the external library is correctly configured.

.. image:: /images/interface/docker-based-rock-ons/immich_external_library_validate.png
   :width: 30%
   :align: center

In case or problems, please refer to
`in-depth explanation and troubleshooting information <https://docs.immich.app/features/libraries>`_.

.. _immich_other_settings:

Other important settings
------------------------------

Depending on your hardware specifications and cooling capabilities, 
you will want to consider changing the default
`concurrency settings <https://docs.immich.app/administration/jobs-workers#jobs>`_
when new files are being ingested into your Immich instance.

Try importing a large (10k+ files) external library, then follow the system temperature and responsiveness.

> If no overheating is happening after 20 minutes or so, then you're done!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no sustained high temperatures are seen after 20 minutes or so, then you're done!
```
@kanecko Just a re-word as no correctly cooled/built machine will ever overheat - but it will show high temperatures if stressed.
